Where is this?
My Bedroom
Your bedroom.
We didn't have anything last night, did we?
Do you want something to happen?
I didn't mean that.
I'm afraid I've done something to make you angry again.
Ah Su Ran
You don't really forget last night
What did you say?
I really don't know.
If I knew, I would definitely apologize.
Don't play dumb with me
Young master, there is one outside
The wife who claims to be Miss Su's mother
Swing my mom
How could he come?
You still pretend to be me
You didn't call it, who else could have called it?
I really didn't. I didn't call him
Such a big family actually let me drink boiled water
Mom what are you doing
Sorry.
I apologize to you for my mother.
Daughter, how do you apologize to a servant?
If you don't discipline him now
When you marry, he will stand on your head
Who said I want to marry your daughter?
Mr. Ji
If you don't say it, I know your friendship with Su Ran
Then I am my friendship with Su Ran
Who told you that?
What you said
I don't have my CEO Ji
Can you keep Su Ran overnight?
Doesn't that say it all?
You are so confident
Mr. Ji joked
Well, wait until I find a good day for you, Mom.
Don't say another word.
Ji always has a fiancee
Don't be delusional
fiancee
Then aren't you a mistress?
Oops Mr. Ji
After all, my daughter has been with you too
You don't express